## Peer feedback protocol
### Tester 1
#### Prototype I
Tester remarked good visibility of login button. Tries to swipe to the right to advance to the next onboarding screen, then tries tapping, which is the intended interaction. Compliments the color scheme and design. Grasps the purpose of the "onboarding game" very quickly and clicks on one of the event cards. Understands how the "Add friends" screen works, administrator tells her to skip it for now. Tester finds the button quickly. Taps one more time to successfully complete the onboarding.
Tester immediately tries to navigate the feed via horizontal swiping, which is the intended interaction.
Tester recognizes the requested event immediately. Compliments the display of important event info like date, time, place and images on the card. Correctly taps on the card with the intention of getting a detail view. Compliments the prominent "Enroll" button, the description and that the number of signed-up participants is shown. Understands that the scrollbar implies a scrollable description field. Clicks the Enroll button to complete the task, recognizes the visual feedback and the Cancel button. Mistook the "Enrolled" text, intended for visual feedback, for an "Enroll" button in the first moment; should be more visually distinctive.
Tester uses the Cancel button on the card in the feed, which was intended as a shortcut, saving the user from opening the event card again. Recognizes the visual feedback.
Tester recognizes the "+" button is intended for event creation and states it is "obvious". Grasps the purpose of the different input fields quickly and correctly sets the date. Finds the date input intuitive. Manages to set the event as recurring easily. Misses the "Public vs Friends/invited" setting. Points out that setting for time is missing. Posts the event via the Confirm button. Also finds the Back arrow at the top to close the overlay.
Tester struggles to find where already created events are listed. Tries the tabs Profile and Settings. Only tries the last unexplored tab "Calendar" on third try, where the feature is actually located. Once on the screen, finds and clicks the created event immediately. Compliments the calendar view, but suggests moving own events to Profile (thinks the tab is called "Personal" from the icon).
Tester correctly searches for the Add friends feature in the Profile tab and compliments the prominent Friends button there. Immediately recognizes the text input as well as the QR code icon and their intended purpose as adding friends by name and scanning, respectively. Correctly infers the functionality of the friend list and the buttons "Invite" and "Added". Goes back to the Profile screen with the Back arrow effortlessly.
Tester finds the Search bar quickly in the Home tab (reasoning: "All events are listed there"). Compliments the visibility, design and iconography of the Search bar. Immediately tries Filters and understands Location, Time window and Public/private, but struggles to grasp the meaning of Genre and Level/niveau (finds the iconography confusing). When looking at search results, mistakes the list of applied filters for displaying search history.
Tester finds the new Search tab effortlessly when presented with the alternative hotbar, as she states, by the iconography.
Tester correctly infers the new location of Settings in the Profile tab, but finds the naming of the buttons "Settings" vs "Preferences" confusing. Upon closer inspection of the submenus, the different purposes become clear to her.
Tester prefers the first hotbar (No dedicated Search tab, Settings icon on the right end), finding the location of the Search bar close to the feed more intuitive ("Both are for discovering events").
#### Prototype II
Tester compliments login features offered and infers their functionality correctly. Criticises the black and turquoise color scheme of the prototype. Compliments the loading spinner while logging in as visual feedback. Correctly recognizes she landed on the Home screen. Thinks the filter display below the Search bar is either filters or categories. Remarks that dates are not displayed on event cards.
Tester correctly infers the purpose of hotbar icons and the purpose of the eye symbol to mark the current tab.
Tester recognizes the structure of the event creation screen and has good intuition about the functionality of the two buttons. Seems slightly confused about the template feature, but compliments it as useful, especially for reoccurring events, although remarks that it would only make sense to skip a large amount of settings.
Tester correctly grasps the structure of the event creation form and what each setting does. Prefers entering time and date via structured input (calendar and clock interface). When asked about how to use the map input, thinks that one has to click on any point on the map to set the location, which is not the intent of the interface. Incorrectly thinks that the red pins are other events are taking place, or locations where the user has created events before. Compliments the color difference between the Save and Cancel buttons, also the warning appearing upon cancellation to avoid canceling by accident. Finds visual feedback of success via popup useful.
Tester correctly recognizes the Edit and Share buttons via iconography.
Tester describes wanting to click on the event card for signup, which is the intended interaction. Correctly recognizes the functionality of the map view and finds it useful to find nearby events. Suggests displaying the location of friends on the map. Correctly identifies the components of the signup screen and compliments the "Spots left" bar as a way to gauge signup urgency, although prefers the "Participants" bar of prototype I. Compliments the color difference between the Sign up and Cancel buttons, as well as the visual feedback in the form of the popup, the green bar and the green checkmark on the event card. Doesn't have a preference between the subtle feedback of prototype I and the prominent feedback of prototype II.
Tester thinks that the "Create an account" button is for people without Switch ID, would try "Log in with Switch" first. Wishes more clarity in the labeling to distinguish between the options. Takes some time to overcome confusion about the onboarding screens and to understand their purpose. Reads the descriptions and generally compliments the onboarding and the highlighting of tabs in the hotbar in particular, however also supports the presence of a Close button to cancel the onboarding. Points out the redundancy of two Close buttons on the last onboarding screen. Also thinks that most would not use the onboarding and that the app structure is intuitive enough. Suggests to ask first-time users whether they want an onboarding and to add a small button to the Profile screen that lets the user redo the onboarding process.
Tester suggests different, dedicated tabs for the list and map views. Would prefer to have both views.
### Tester 2
#### Prototype I
Tester remarked the simplicity of the login screen, making it obvious how to proceed. He too tries to swipe to the right to advance to the next onboarding screen, then tries tapping, which is the intended interaction. The Instagram-like bars at the top seem to imply a swiping gesture. Mistakes the onboarding "whould you rather" game, intended to capture preferences, for an introduction to the app's functionalities. Does not recognize the intended selection of the event cards, instead tries to advance to the next page and then tries clicking the decorative arrow icon in the middle. Finally, clicks on one of the events, but in the expectation of getting more information about it, which does not happen. Only now recognizes the title text and finally grasps the intention of the onboarding game. Correctly understands the purpose and function of the "Add friends" screen, administrator tells her to skip it for now. Tester finds the button quickly. Taps one more time to successfully complete the onboarding.
Tester indicates to try navigating the feed via horizontal swiping, which is the intended interaction.
Tester recognizes the requested event immediately. Correctly taps on the card with the intention of signing up for it. Spends little time reading the detail information, but finds button to sign up quickly. Recognizes the visual feedback, but wishes for a more explicit, bigger feedback; suggests haptic feedback or via notification. When asked about feedback for the detail view: Sees the participant counter first, then detail information like time and location. Suggests adding a view of who is participation by clicking on the participant counter.
Tester uses the Cancel button on the card in the feed, which was intended as a shortcut, saving the user from opening the event card again. Recognizes the visual feedback.
Tester recognizes the "+" button is intended for event creation and grasps the purpose of the different form elements. Compliments the "Public vs friends/invited" toggle and correctly infers its function. Posts the event via the Confirm button.
Tester struggles to find where already created events are listed. Tries the Profile tab instead of the Calendar tab, which he tries second. States that from the iconography, he assumed the Calendar would contain events he signed up for, but not own events. Note: Increasing the hitboxes of the tab icons would be nice, because testers keep missing the buttons. Suggests displaying own events in the Profile tab, in addition to the calendar view, which would be helpful if many events are going on in his opinion. Immediately recognizes the created event in the calendar view and clicks on it with the intention of updating it, which was the intended interaction.
Tester correctly searches for the Add friends feature in the Profile tab and recognizes the button labeled "Friends" immediately. Correctly infers the functionality of the QR code button. Also finds the Back arrow at the top to close the overlay.
Remark: Tester struggles to understand the functionality of the Notifications menu and mistakenly assumes the settings influence the recommendations in the feed, instead of push notifications. Even after inspecting the Preferences screen, the difference in function between the Notification and Preferences sub-menus are not evident to him; requires explanation. Suggests combining the two menus.
Tester finds the Settings menu easily.
Tester finds the Search bar quickly in the Home tab and understands the functionality. In the alternative hotbar, finds both the new Search tab as well as the Settings sub-menu under the Profile tab effortlessly.
Tester prefers the second hotbar (dedicated search tab, Settings hidden under Profile), but states that "it doesn't make much of a difference".
#### Prototype II
Tester compliments login features offered and infers their functionality correctly. Recognizes the loading spinner while logging in as visual feedback. Correctly recognizes he landed on the Home screen, as well as the already-set filters below the search bar from their design. Compliments the info visible on the event cards in the list-based feed.
Tester correctly infers the purpose of hotbar icons, but misses the eye symbol to mark the current tab. Also expresses ambiguity over the Calendar tab, which could both designate events the user has signed up for, as well as currently happening events in a Calendar view, as he remarks.
Tester recognizes the structure of the event creation screen, but seems confused about the options available. Questions the necessity of the event template feature and struggles to infer its functionality, but states he would be curious to try it out.
Tester correctly grasps the structure of the event creation form and what each setting does. Prefers entering time and date via structured input (calendar and clock interface). Takes his time to understand the purpose of the autocompletion search bar for campus rooms and struggles to infer its functionality. When asked about how to use the map input, thinks that one has to click one of the available pins, which is only part of the intended interaction; has to be explained that setting own pins is possible too. Prefers entering the location via the autocompletion search bar, raising concerns about the complexity of operating the map-based selection when dealing with addresses outside of the campus. Understands most of the settings in the event creation screen intuitively, but does not grasp the meaning of the "Private event?" toggle. Correctly recognizes the function of the Save and Cancel buttons, compliments the visual feedback via popover.
Tester correctly recognizes the Edit and Share buttons via iconography.
Tester correctly recognizes the functionality of the map view and finds it useful to find nearby events or events on a spontaneous basis. Prefers to have both views: The list view for genre- or time-based filtering and the map view for location-based filtering. Correctly identifies the components of the signup screen and doesn't have preference between "Participants" and "Spots left" gauges of the different prototypes. Clicks the Sign up button and compliments the visual feedback in the form of the popup, the green bar and the green checkmark on the event card, rating it as "more obvious" than in prototype I.
Tester struggles to infer the difference between the "Create an account" and "Log in with Switch" buttons, would probably try "Create an account" first. Takes some time to understand the purpose of the onboarding screens. Does not read the texts carefully and misses the highlighting of the different tabs. Notes he would skip the onboarding, stating that "the app is minimalistic" and that he "would have figured it out", although recognizes the general usefullness of the feature for other people and emphasizes the ability of skipping the onboarding.